By popular demand, Screen Junkies present
honest trailer that may contain spoilers.
Meet the brand new sequel to restart the franchise,
which is based on the sequel of the film from the original franchise.
"STARRY WAY TO DARKNESS"
Um, colon nobody forgot?
Get ready for a sequel about which JJ Abrams swore
that he won't be like Star Trek 2: Khan's Wrath.
Well, except for this moment:
"Most needs
more important than minority needs. "
And this
And of course ...
"HAAAN!"
"Haaan!" - this.
But JJ is not only stealing scenes from Wrath of the Khan,
he also re-uses everything that you liked in his Star Trek.
For example:
Kirk in bed with aliens
Spock in fits of anger
Kirk and Pike are drinking
Red Bull jumps from space
Running through the corridors
Old Spock
AND...
EVEN
MORE
BIN OF LENSES!
Um, well, well, you understand.
So again ride with James T. Kirk,
the worst captain of Starfleet in the entire galaxy who
defiles the gods of other civilizations
"" What the hell are you saying? "
"-I do not know, but they bowed to him!"
lets experienced crew members out of malice
"-So you accept my resignation or not?"
"-I accept!"
Increases inexperienced crew members tucked under the arm
"-Will be the chief engineer."
"-I have, captain."
And fails to protect his crew
... and the Enterprise
... and the center of San Francisco.
Dejectedly watch the stereotypical image of the two main female characters:
Uhura, usually a competent officer, interrupts a deadly mission,
to drank his boyfriend for not sharing his feelings.
"You prefer not to discuss it at all."
"Are you going to find out the relationship now?"
"-And never pay your undivided attention ... Sorry, Captain, a couple of seconds."
And newcomer Carol Marcus, who is in the film for the sole reason
"Turn away."
We count as two reasons.
See how this crew is confronted by their most dangerous adversary:
"Han!"
This is a ruthless villain.
"So, let's start?"
So inhuman that ...
won't kill Spock
allow Kirk to express his feelings
and ultimately it will be completely justified in their actions:
"My crew is my family."
"Wouldn't you have done anything for your family?"
Admittedly, the argument is strong.
So feel free to go to this ridiculous temporary branch of "Star Trek", in which:
"Enterprise" withstands more hits than he took for the entire original series
Against the backdrop of magical interplanetary transporters spacecraft seem antiquity
Death is cured by magical super blood.
"I synthesized a serum from his super blood."
And whenever they fall into a space jam, the old Spock webcam file
"- Mr. Spock. - Mr. Spock."
Oh, I already imagine what the next Star Trek will be.
"Klingon General Cheng, Horta, Tolians, Borg. ALL VERY BAD !!!"
Who else should we beware of?
Did we go through Gorn?
Yes. This is just a test. The horn does not kill.
Right. Oh, and when you return to New York in the 1930s, you must kill the girl Kirk,
otherwise, Hitler will win World War II.
How interesting.
Oh, and at the same time hunt down a pair of humpback whales: this will save you a lot of time later.
Gory-baty Ki-you.
Well, sort of, that's all. And now, I suppose you have something for me.
A NEW MESSAGE!
Well here is lucky!
The best thing I got was that weird dance in Star Trek 5.
Will we definitely not break any space-time continuum?
Hey! Want me to help, or not ?!
CAST...
CAPTAIN FURK
SCOOP
OLD SOVOK
MARGARET CHO
CARLOS SANTANA
DOCTOR, NOT A MIRACLE
Blingo
SCOTT NAME ENGINEER
Robokop
FRAME TO SCREEN
AND BENEDICT CAMBERBAND EGGS
"STARRY WAY TO DARKNESS"
Let's definitely not put a colon?
Thanks for watching, don't forget to subscribe!
Many thanks to the guys from HISHE. Guys, you are driving!
Check out their channel.
Want to see who owns this honey voice?
Or the creators of honest trailers?
Then click here to see how this honest trailer was created.
Also follow the links and see other translations.
"Welcome, we have great burgers. Can I take your order?"
"I am a charming-adorable princess."
"Nadu ass, Cbass!"
"Go quiet."
"Haaan!"
Translated and voiced by NicKeLas